Add tips for function naming (#1677)
exercism/javascript: docs/PROGRAMMING_TIPS.md

## Naming A Function

Naming a function is as important as writing codes. 
A function name is important to be clear and precise. 
Consider the following recommendations when you name your function. 

- Choose meaningful words. 
  When you name your function, you should be clear on what it does. 
  On Function name `get(studentId, subject)`, you can't tell what it is geting mark for or what it is getting or whether it is getting Studnet name or Age or their marks. 
  Function `getStudentGrade(studentId, subject)` told you everything you need to know about what it does. 
  It will return the student grade.
- Don't make the name too short or too long. 
  It is good to be clear and precise but take care not to make too long name. 
  `checkStudentFailOrPassOrMeritOrDistinction(mark)` is an example of a unneccessarily long function name.
  The longer the name is, the harder it get to remember and the more space it takes on the computer screen.
  On the other hand. making the name too short will also cause confusion. 

>   `checkFPMD(mark)` is an example of the bad shortened name because when another programmer look at the function, he would get confused by what 'FPMD' mean.

Author: @minimalsm if you have a better idea for longer name, you can put a suggestion.

> - Use the name that everyone understand. 
>   Your function name should be understandable by everyone who read your code. 
>   For example, don't use `DeathStar()` when you write delete item function. Use `deleteItem()` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the name that everyone understands. 

Your function name should be understandable by everyone who reads your code. 
For example, an obscure function name like `DeathStar()` might be amusing to you, but the name doesn't communicate its purpose.

```

- Pick one word per one concept and stick with it. 
  For example, if you named getStudentName(), don't change get to retrieve like retrieveStudentGrade() when naming another function.

> - Avoid using the same word for two purposes. 
>   For example, don't keep using 'add' when you want to put a group of items to a collection. 
>   Use 'insert' or 'append' instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Avoid using the same word for two purposes

For example, don't keep using 'add' when you want to put a group of items into a collection. 
Use 'insert' or 'append' instead.
```

Reviewer: I don't think this point makes sense, I wasn't entirely sure what you meant @Aung1998 so I've just fixed a typo and left the rest as is.

Author: Let me give you an example with JavaScript functions. array.push() and array.concat() Why JavaScript programmer use two different words form the two similar functions? Because they are not the same. In other words, don't mistake 'similar' with 'same'.

Reviewer 2: Maybe the point can be clarified by putting something like "If you already used `add` for summing up integers, don't use it for ..." in the beginning.

Besides that, I would recommend backticks instead of the single quotes.
